[Music]
in cities and suburbs all over the world
there are those who find life a little
confusing to find the things that people
say things they do stuff that just white
but will during but sometimes those who
find the world impossible find each
other do max I am 8 years old it would
be great if he could be my friend dear
Mary thank you for the letter I find the
world very chaotic because my mind is
very literal and logical where do babies
come from in America in Australia they
are found in via glasses here is a
drawing of me babies are laid by
Catholic nuns if you're an atheist
they're laid by 30 lonely prostitutes my
mother likes smoking can you see my
father left my mother when I was shot
itself with my uncles can you explain
laughs how do you get a girlfriend that
kisses me without my permission
I know that upsets you so who come on
about
well I want to say is that love is
obviously not for me talk about the
blows
[Music]
dear Mary you are my best friend you are
my only friend Mary and Max PS do you
know that turtles can breathe through
their anuses
[Music]
[Applause]